feat(hip): Add hipMemGetDefaultMemPool API implementation & unit tests (#8195)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/clr/CHANGELOG.md

Full documentation for HIP is available at [rocm.docs.amd.com](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/HIP/en/latest/index.html)

## HIP 7.15 for ROCm 7.15

### Added
* New HIP APIs
    - Stream Ordered Memory Allocator: Support for the following APIs for parity with corresponding CUDA APIs.

>       * `hipMemGetDefaultMemPool` Returns the default memory pool for a given location and allocation type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * `hipMemGetDefaultMemPool` returns the default memory pool for the specified location and allocation type
```

Author: Thanks, done the changes.
